# Todo -- Simple command line todo list
Todo is a simple command based todo list.

## Installation
Copy 'todo.rb' somewhere that your shell will find it. Change line `8` to set
the database location (default will drop it in the current directory). You can
also set it up to use MySQL, PostgreSQL or many other database backends. See
DataMapper documentation for more.

## Usage
Run `todo.rb` from the command line. You will be given a prompt with `:`

### Adding a todo item
    : +Something I need to do
    Added item #5 (Something I need to do)

`5` is the ID you will need to do anything with this later.

### Seeing what needs to be done
    : todo
    [ ]    5: Something I need to do

This displays all items that are not completed, along with their ID.

### Adding a due date to an item
    : @5 next thursday
    Set due time for 5 to 2010-04-22T12:00:00-04:00

Todo uses natural date parsing, you don't need to use a specific format for due
dates

### Adding a new item with a due date
    : +That thing I need to do @monday
    Added item #6 (That thing I need to do)
    : todo
    [ ]    5: Something I need to do (2 days)
    [ ]    6: That thing I need to do (6 days)

You can also see that listing outstanding items also tells you when they should
be completed by.

### Marking items as complete
    : /5
    : todo
    [ ]    6: That thing I need to do (6 days)
    : /5
    : todo
    [ ]    5: Something I need to do (2 days)
    [ ]    6: That thing I need to do (6 days)
    

Sometimes you actually complete the stuff you're supposed to (well, I heard
some people do), this can by done with the `/` command. This can also mark them
incomplete, if you do it on a completed item.

### Marking items as important
    : *6
    : todo
    [ ]    5: Something I need to do (2 days)
    [*]    6: That thing I need to do (6 days)

Nothing too exciting here.
